[Music]
you ready to see a digital camera that
is gonna make you excited to get out of
bed in the morning this is it it's the
Olympus SZ 10:00 this thing is gorgeous
all right first of all it's 18
megapixels or no 14 megapixels with an
18x optical zoom all right
18 X optical zoom is great right now
I've got this zoomed all the way in and
I can see inside of Logan's brain from
here 18x optical zoom it's really really
great a few other features this thing
has that you're not going to find in
other cameras is first of all especially
not in point-and-shoots this is actually
compatible with i5 cards so it's
automatically compatible with all of the
IFI cards on the market so you're going
to be able to use this to wirelessly
upload all of your pictures to your
computer 720p high definition video it
does 3d stills with a single lens and
essentially how it does that is it takes
two pictures offsets each of them and
then renders them for your 3d devices
you're going to be able to see images in
3d from just a single lens it'll even do
panoramas you can use this to snap three
pictures and it will stitch them
together automatically right here within
the camera one other things you're going
to notice about this camera is it's got
a wide-angle lens
28 millimeter lens typically on these
point-and-shoot cameras you're going to
find them starting at about 35
millimetres this is going to allow you
to capture a lot more action in a single
frame also built in face detection so
you're going to get that automatic
perfect autofocus going on and autofocus
tracking - which means even when
subjects are moving around in the frame
this is going to intelligently make sure
that everybody in the frame is still in
perfect focus and something that I
really really like as something called
beauty mode right and what beauty mode
does is it's going to allow you to
actually take people and make them look
more attractive than they actually are
and it does that by smoothing people
skin correcting imperfections
automatically so this camera itself will
actually make you
look more attractive than you actually
are so if you are at big into the online
dating scene or something like that this
is exactly what you need right good
Annette what people do when they're
online data coach what's that yeah I
think built in Photoshop so it because
no one posts real pictures on online
dating sites right like you always post
something there you're enhanced now you
don't about they enhance it right here
this camera is going to make that happen
for you automatically
and here's here's another thing that's
really great about this camera is its
small when you pick it up you notice
it's extremely thin and it's
surprisingly thin for a camera that has
an 18x optical zoom onboard you're also
going to find HDMI so you're going to be
able to plug this into your TV without
any problems show off the 720p home
movies show off those strangely more
attractive pictures of yourself than
people have normally seen because of
beauty mode and it does use your typical
SD cards but you're going to find right
down here you've got your SD card slot
and your rechargeable battery both down
here right underneath the grip and it's
also really ergonomic it's got a great
handheld grip on it it's really really
light thin light and overall solid
camera from Olympus so if you've been
seeking something that's going to allow
you to make yourself and others look
more attractive than you or your friends
actually are and capture some great HD
video and be able to get that nice 18 X
zoom working this is it right here this
is the answer it's the Olympus SZ 10 to
get more information on the olympus SZ
10 digital camera go to Titan direct
comm search 408 3-1 3 6 4
[Music]